---
created: 2024-02-05
tags: [meeting, openem]
---
# Participants
- Despina Adamopoulou
- Spencer Bliven
- Attila Nacsa
- Yves Tittes
- Philipp Wissmann
- Henning Stahlberg

# Minutes

## Attila
- Data ingestor script: add datablocks, fill basic data
    - issue with multiple ownerEmail (not valid email)
    - Monitors folder for new metadata files
## Despina
- Not paid for workshop. Need to check
- Met Philipp & Yves about metadata
## Philipp
- VM working with basic tests
- Migrating code to github
    - Need to redo CI so it pulls from github and deploys to ETHZ
## Spencer
- [[OpenEM Org Charts]]
- Visit to UNIBE
    - Need to arrange local participants for UNIBE & UNIL
- Workshop
    - 14 registrations
    - Need to finalize agenda
    - Payment should work now; 
- Started [data estimates](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uWKNbMB50KBBpXLcaLlezy8FVFrk5By4mRBqab2tUCw/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Globus](https://www.globus.org/)  service might be useful for data transfer
    - Henning: worried about costs
    - Use S3 upload instead?
## Yves
- Dropped relion script for personal version

### Henning
- Trying to hire Sofya
    - In Berlin currently
    - Marrying German
    - Hoping for March visa
- Progress report 30 May
- Site move to UNIL is ongoing. 1 titan operational, 1 moving, and 1 will be moved later
    - Behind UNIL fairwall
- Site visit
    - Alex, Fluron (IT), 2 data processing people
- Could Sofya work on EMPIAR
    - yes, in the same room
- Facility management system
    - Use [PPMS](https://sv-ppms.epfl.ch/login/?pf=14)
        - Possible UNIGE use for booking?
- 

# TODO
- [ ] Find out more about S3 for upload. Ask Arema team.
- Henning will send EPFL people for site visit
- Philip will lead retrospective+sprint plan next Thurs
